README.md, before:

```
 ██████╗ ██████╗ ███████╗███╗   ██╗ ██████╗ ██████╗  █████╗ ███╗   ██╗████████╗
██╔═══██╗██╔══██╗██╔════╝████╗  ██║██╔════╝ ██╔══██╗██╔══██╗████╗  ██║╚══██╔══╝
██║   ██║██████╔╝█████╗  ██╔██╗ ██║██║  ███╗██████╔╝███████║██╔██╗ ██║   ██║
██║   ██║██╔═══╝ ██╔══╝  ██║╚██╗██║██║   ██║██╔══██╗██╔══██║██║╚██╗██║   ██║
╚██████╔╝██║     ███████╗██║ ╚████║╚██████╔╝██║  ██║██║  ██║██║ ╚████║   ██║
 ╚═════╝ ╚═╝     ╚══════╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝ ╚═════╝ ╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝   ╚═╝

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

              THE ULTIMATE AI-POWERED FUNDING OPERATING SYSTEM

              Founder & Lead Architect: Chiranjib
              Designed & Engineered by Chiranjib

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
```

---

## 🔵 OPENGRANT — FUNDING OPERATING SYSTEM

**OPENGRANT** is the ultimate AI-powered funding operating system for open source projects.

Making open source funding accessible to every developer in the world.

---

## 🎯 CORE FEATURES

### For Open Source Projects

**🎯 VIRAL SCORE ANALYSIS**
- Real-time fundability assessment (0-100 scale)
- Language-based multipliers (Rust 1.6x, Go 1.3x, C++ 1.4x, etc)
- Topic-based opportunity matching
- Grade system: A+ (Going Viral), A (Funding Ready), B (Growing), C (Early)

**🎲 AI-POWERED GRANT MATCHING**
- Match your repo to **298+ verified funding sources**
- 25 funder personality profiles for personalized recommendations
- 43 funded OSS DNA profiles for comparison
- AI reasoning for each match
- Application strength analysis

**📝 GRANT APPLICATION GENERATOR**
- Auto-generate custom grant applications
- Tailor to funder requirements
- Budget recommendations by type
- Impact statements & sustainability plans

**📊 PORTFOLIO OPTIMIZER**
- Organize repos into 12 conflict-free groups
- Greedy optimization algorithm
- Maximize total funding potential
- Avoid over-applying to same funder

**⚡ VELOCITY TRACKING**
- Momentum scoring (52-week analysis)
- Trend predictions (up-and-coming vs declining)
- Activity heatmaps for timing

**🗺️ AI ROADMAP GENERATOR**
- Generate 12-month project roadmaps
- LLM-powered timeline planning
- Feature prioritization for success

### For Users & Developers

**💻 CHROME EXTENSION (Manifest V3)**
- One-click analysis on any GitHub repo
- Developer profile funding potential
- Bounty detection on issues
- Trending repo analysis

**🎨 BEAUTIFUL DASHBOARD**
- React 18 + Vite (lightning fast)
- TailwindCSS modern design
- Framer Motion animations
- Dark mode by default
- Mobile responsive
- Command palette (Ctrl+K)

**🔬 DEVELOPER TOOLS**
- Dependency mapping & vulnerability alerts
- Organization-wide repo scanning
- Trending spotlight (what's gaining momentum)
- Leaderboard (most fundable repos)
- Funder directory (298 sources, searchable)
- Grant calendar (deadlines)

---

## 🚀 QUICK START

### Windows (One-Click Setup)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/opengrant-dev/opengrant.dev.git
cd opengrant.dev
SETUP.bat    # Installs everything
START.bat    # Starts both servers
```

### macOS / Linux

```bash
git clone https://github.com/opengrant-dev/opengrant.dev.git
cd opengrant.dev

# Backend
cd backend
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # or: . venv/Scripts/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env and add your LLM_API_KEY

# Frontend
cd ../frontend
npm install

# Start servers
# Terminal 1: cd backend && python -m uvicorn main:app --reload --port 8765
# Terminal 2: cd frontend && npm run dev
```

### Configuration

**Step 1: Get Free API Key**
```
Visit: https://console.groq.com
Sign up → Create API key
```

**Step 2: Configure Backend**
```bash
# Edit: backend/.env
LLM_API_KEY=your_key_here
LLM_BASE_URL=https://api.groq.com/openai/v1
LLM_MODEL=llama-3.3-70b-versatile
```

**Step 3: Access Dashboard**
```
Frontend: http://localhost:5173
Backend:  http://localhost:8765/docs
```

**Step 4: Install Chrome Extension**
```
1. Open: chrome://extensions/
2. Toggle: Developer mode (top right)
3. Click: Load unpacked
4. Select: opengrant/extension/ folder
```

---

## 📊 TECH STACK

**Backend (Python)**
- FastAPI 0.115+
- SQLAlchemy 2.0+
- Pydantic 2.10+
- SQLite (SQLAlchemy ORM)
- slowapi (rate limiting)
- Groq/OpenAI SDK

**Frontend (JavaScript)**
- React 18.3.1
- Vite 5.2.12
- TailwindCSS 3.4.4
- Framer Motion 11.2.10
- Axios 1.7.2
- React Router 6.23.1

**Extension (Chrome MV3)**
- Manifest V3
- Content Script Security
- XSS Protection
- Safe DOM manipulation

**Deployment**
- Python 3.10+
- Node.js 18+
- Port 8765 (backend)
- Port 5173 (frontend)

---

## 🔐 SECURITY AUDIT RESULTS

```
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
          SECURITY STATUS: ✅ PASSED (A- GRADE)
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

OWASP Top 10 Coverage:
  ✅ A1: Injection               → SQLAlchemy ORM
  ✅ A2: Broken Auth             → Public API
  ✅ A3: Sensitive Data          → .env gitignored
  ✅ A4: XML Entities            → Not used
  ✅ A5: Access Control          → No private data
  ✅ A6: Misconfiguration        → CORS whitelist
  ✅ A7: XSS                     → Sanitized output
  ✅ A8: Deserialization         → Safe
  ✅ A9: Known Vulnerabilities   → 0 vulns (fixed)
  ✅ A10: Insufficient Logging   → Safe errors

KEY SECURITY FEATURES:
  • Input validation (strict regex)
  • Database (SQLAlchemy ORM, parameterized)
  • API (CORS whitelist, rate limiting)
  • Secrets (.env gitignored, verified)
  • Extension (safe sanitization)
  • No eval(), exec(), dangerous patterns
  • Error handling without stack traces
```

---

## 📦 PROJECT STRUCTURE

```
OPENGRANT/
├── backend/                # FastAPI Server
│   ├── main.py            # All API endpoints
│   ├── matcher.py         # AI matching engine
│   ├── funding_db.py      # 298 funding sources
│   ├── velocity.py        # Velocity scoring
│   ├── portfolio.py       # Portfolio optimization
│   ├── funder_profiles.py # 25 funder profiles
│   ├── funded_dna.py      # 43 OSS profiles
│   ├── time_machine.py    # Roadmap generation
│   ├── monetization.py    # Monetization strategy
│   ├── requirements.txt
│   └── .env.example
│
├── frontend/              # React Dashboard
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── pages/        # 13+ pages
│   │   ├── components/   # 50+ components
│   │   └── hooks/        # Custom hooks
│   ├── vite.config.js
│   └── package.json
│
├── extension/             # Chrome Extension (MV3)
│   ├── manifest.json
│   ├── content.js        # 5000+ lines
│   ├── popup.html
│   └── icons/
│
├── docs/
│   ├── README.md         # This file
│   ├── SECURITY.md
│   ├── CONTRIBUTING.md
│   ├── CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
│   └── LICENSE (MIT)
│
└── [Setup Scripts]
    ├── SETUP.bat
    ├── START.bat
    └── OpenGrant.bat
```

---

## 📊 PROJECT METRICS

```
Lines of Code:       52,000+
Python Files:        25+
JavaScript Files:    30+
UI Components:       50+
API Endpoints:       15+
Funding Sources:     298
Funder Profiles:     25
OSS DNA Profiles:    43
Security Grade:      A- (Excellent)
Dependencies:        All updated ✅
Vulnerabilities:     0 critical/high ✅
```

---

## 🌱 GROWTH ROADMAP

**v2.0.0** ✅ (Current - Beta)
- Core matching engine
- Dashboard & extension
- 298 funding sources
- Security audit passed

**v2.1.0** 🔨 (Q1 2026)
- Grant PDF export
- GitHub OAuth integration
- Saved applications

**v2.2.0** 🔨 (Q2 2026)
- Funder custom profiles
- Portfolio tracking dashboard
- Success metrics analytics

**v3.0.0** 🔨 (Q3 2026+)
- Mobile app (iOS/Android)
- Advanced analytics & ML
- Global expansion (200+ countries)

---

## 🤝 CONTRIBUTING

We welcome all contributions! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

```
1. Fork the repository
2. Create feature branch (git checkout -b feature/your-feature)
3. Make changes & test locally
4. Commit with clear messages
5. Push to fork & create Pull Request
```

---

## 🐛 FOUND A BUG?

**Security Vulnerability?**
- Email: chiranjib@opengrant.dev
- Don't create public issues

**Regular Bug?**
- GitHub Issues → Create new issue
- Include reproduction steps

**Feature Request?**
- GitHub Discussions or Issues
- Describe use case & benefits

---

## 📄 LICENSE

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

```
MIT License © 2026 Chiranjib

You are free to:
  ✅ Use commercially or privately
  ✅ Modify & redistribute
  ✅ Include in proprietary software

You must:
  ✓ Include license & copyright notice
  ✓ State significant changes made
```

---

## 🙏 ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

```
Built with ❤️ by: Chiranjib
Powered by: Groq API, FastAPI, React
Thanks to: GitHub, Open Source Community
```

---

## 🚀 LAUNCH NOW!

```
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

  OPENGRANT v2.0.0-beta is production-ready.

  Making open source funding accessible to every developer
  in the world.

  GitHub: https://github.com/opengrant-dev/opengrant.dev
  Dashboard: https://opengrant.dev (Coming soon)
  Extension: Chrome Web Store (Coming soon)

  Built by Chiranjib
  Engineering Excellence 2026

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
```

---

**OPENGRANT v2.0.0-beta**
Built by **Chiranjib**
🟢 Production Ready | A- Security Grade | 52K+ LOC

Made with 🤖 and ❤️ by Chiranjib

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic OpenGrant funding badge to README
- Added badge section after introduction
- Shows how to embed funding match count in GitHub README
- Badge auto-updates with latest match data
- Links to OpenGrant results page
- Includes usage examples and instructions

README.md, after:

```
 ██████╗ ██████╗ ███████╗███╗   ██╗ ██████╗ ██████╗  █████╗ ███╗   ██╗████████╗
██╔═══██╗██╔══██╗██╔════╝████╗  ██║██╔════╝ ██╔══██╗██╔══██╗████╗  ██║╚══██╔══╝
██║   ██║██████╔╝█████╗  ██╔██╗ ██║██║  ███╗██████╔╝███████║██╔██╗ ██║   ██║
██║   ██║██╔═══╝ ██╔══╝  ██║╚██╗██║██║   ██║██╔══██╗██╔══██║██║╚██╗██║   ██║
╚██████╔╝██║     ███████╗██║ ╚████║╚██████╔╝██║  ██║██║  ██║██║ ╚████║   ██║
 ╚═════╝ ╚═╝     ╚══════╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝ ╚═════╝ ╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝   ╚═╝

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

              THE ULTIMATE AI-POWERED FUNDING OPERATING SYSTEM

              Founder & Lead Architect: Chiranjib
              Designed & Engineered by Chiranjib

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
```

---

## 🔵 OPENGRANT — FUNDING OPERATING SYSTEM

**OPENGRANT** is the ultimate AI-powered funding operating system for open source projects.

Making open source funding accessible to every developer in the world.

---

### 🚀 Show Your Funding Opportunities

Add this badge to your GitHub README to display your funding matches:

```markdown
[![OpenGrant](https://opengrant.dev/badge/owner/repo.svg)](https://opengrant.dev/results)
```

**Example for OpenGrant itself:**
```markdown
[![OpenGrant](https://opengrant.dev/badge/opengrant-dev/opengrant.dev.svg)](https://opengrant.dev/results)
```

The badge auto-updates with your latest match count! 🎯

---

## 🎯 CORE FEATURES

### For Open Source Projects

**🎯 VIRAL SCORE ANALYSIS**
- Real-time fundability assessment (0-100 scale)
- Language-based multipliers (Rust 1.6x, Go 1.3x, C++ 1.4x, etc)
- Topic-based opportunity matching
- Grade system: A+ (Going Viral), A (Funding Ready), B (Growing), C (Early)

**🎲 AI-POWERED GRANT MATCHING**
- Match your repo to **298+ verified funding sources**
- 25 funder personality profiles for personalized recommendations
- 43 funded OSS DNA profiles for comparison
- AI reasoning for each match
- Application strength analysis

**📝 GRANT APPLICATION GENERATOR**
- Auto-generate custom grant applications
- Tailor to funder requirements
- Budget recommendations by type
- Impact statements & sustainability plans

**📊 PORTFOLIO OPTIMIZER**
- Organize repos into 12 conflict-free groups
- Greedy optimization algorithm
- Maximize total funding potential
- Avoid over-applying to same funder

**⚡ VELOCITY TRACKING**
- Momentum scoring (52-week analysis)
- Trend predictions (up-and-coming vs declining)
- Activity heatmaps for timing

**🗺️ AI ROADMAP GENERATOR**
- Generate 12-month project roadmaps
- LLM-powered timeline planning
- Feature prioritization for success

### For Users & Developers

**💻 CHROME EXTENSION (Manifest V3)**
- One-click analysis on any GitHub repo
- Developer profile funding potential
- Bounty detection on issues
- Trending repo analysis

**🎨 BEAUTIFUL DASHBOARD**
- React 18 + Vite (lightning fast)
- TailwindCSS modern design
- Framer Motion animations
- Dark mode by default
- Mobile responsive
- Command palette (Ctrl+K)

**🔬 DEVELOPER TOOLS**
- Dependency mapping & vulnerability alerts
- Organization-wide repo scanning
- Trending spotlight (what's gaining momentum)
- Leaderboard (most fundable repos)
- Funder directory (298 sources, searchable)
- Grant calendar (deadlines)

---

## 🚀 QUICK START

### Windows (One-Click Setup)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/opengrant-dev/opengrant.dev.git
cd opengrant.dev
SETUP.bat    # Installs everything
START.bat    # Starts both servers
```

### macOS / Linux

```bash
git clone https://github.com/opengrant-dev/opengrant.dev.git
cd opengrant.dev

# Backend
cd backend
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # or: . venv/Scripts/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env and add your LLM_API_KEY

# Frontend
cd ../frontend
npm install

# Start servers
# Terminal 1: cd backend && python -m uvicorn main:app --reload --port 8765
# Terminal 2: cd frontend && npm run dev
```

### Configuration

**Step 1: Get Free API Key**
```
Visit: https://console.groq.com
Sign up → Create API key
```

**Step 2: Configure Backend**
```bash
# Edit: backend/.env
LLM_API_KEY=your_key_here
LLM_BASE_URL=https://api.groq.com/openai/v1
LLM_MODEL=llama-3.3-70b-versatile
```

**Step 3: Access Dashboard**
```
Frontend: http://localhost:5173
Backend:  http://localhost:8765/docs
```

**Step 4: Install Chrome Extension**
```
1. Open: chrome://extensions/
2. Toggle: Developer mode (top right)
3. Click: Load unpacked
4. Select: opengrant/extension/ folder
```

---

## 📊 TECH STACK

**Backend (Python)**
- FastAPI 0.115+
- SQLAlchemy 2.0+
- Pydantic 2.10+
- SQLite (SQLAlchemy ORM)
- slowapi (rate limiting)
- Groq/OpenAI SDK

**Frontend (JavaScript)**
- React 18.3.1
- Vite 5.2.12
- TailwindCSS 3.4.4
- Framer Motion 11.2.10
- Axios 1.7.2
- React Router 6.23.1

**Extension (Chrome MV3)**
- Manifest V3
- Content Script Security
- XSS Protection
- Safe DOM manipulation

**Deployment**
- Python 3.10+
- Node.js 18+
- Port 8765 (backend)
- Port 5173 (frontend)

---

## 🔐 SECURITY AUDIT RESULTS

```
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
          SECURITY STATUS: ✅ PASSED (A- GRADE)
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

OWASP Top 10 Coverage:
  ✅ A1: Injection               → SQLAlchemy ORM
  ✅ A2: Broken Auth             → Public API
  ✅ A3: Sensitive Data          → .env gitignored
  ✅ A4: XML Entities            → Not used
  ✅ A5: Access Control          → No private data
  ✅ A6: Misconfiguration        → CORS whitelist
  ✅ A7: XSS                     → Sanitized output
  ✅ A8: Deserialization         → Safe
  ✅ A9: Known Vulnerabilities   → 0 vulns (fixed)
  ✅ A10: Insufficient Logging   → Safe errors

KEY SECURITY FEATURES:
  • Input validation (strict regex)
  • Database (SQLAlchemy ORM, parameterized)
  • API (CORS whitelist, rate limiting)
  • Secrets (.env gitignored, verified)
  • Extension (safe sanitization)
  • No eval(), exec(), dangerous patterns
  • Error handling without stack traces
```

---

## 📦 PROJECT STRUCTURE

```
OPENGRANT/
├── backend/                # FastAPI Server
│   ├── main.py            # All API endpoints
│   ├── matcher.py         # AI matching engine
│   ├── funding_db.py      # 298 funding sources
│   ├── velocity.py        # Velocity scoring
│   ├── portfolio.py       # Portfolio optimization
│   ├── funder_profiles.py # 25 funder profiles
│   ├── funded_dna.py      # 43 OSS profiles
│   ├── time_machine.py    # Roadmap generation
│   ├── monetization.py    # Monetization strategy
│   ├── requirements.txt
│   └── .env.example
│
├── frontend/              # React Dashboard
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── pages/        # 13+ pages
│   │   ├── components/   # 50+ components
│   │   └── hooks/        # Custom hooks
│   ├── vite.config.js
│   └── package.json
│
├── extension/             # Chrome Extension (MV3)
│   ├── manifest.json
│   ├── content.js        # 5000+ lines
│   ├── popup.html
│   └── icons/
│
├── docs/
│   ├── README.md         # This file
│   ├── SECURITY.md
│   ├── CONTRIBUTING.md
│   ├── CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
│   └── LICENSE (MIT)
│
└── [Setup Scripts]
    ├── SETUP.bat
    ├── START.bat
    └── OpenGrant.bat
```

---

## 📊 PROJECT METRICS

```
Lines of Code:       52,000+
Python Files:        25+
JavaScript Files:    30+
UI Components:       50+
API Endpoints:       15+
Funding Sources:     298
Funder Profiles:     25
OSS DNA Profiles:    43
Security Grade:      A- (Excellent)
Dependencies:        All updated ✅
Vulnerabilities:     0 critical/high ✅
```

---

## 🌱 GROWTH ROADMAP

**v2.0.0** ✅ (Current - Beta)
- Core matching engine
- Dashboard & extension
- 298 funding sources
- Security audit passed

**v2.1.0** 🔨 (Q1 2026)
- Grant PDF export
- GitHub OAuth integration
- Saved applications

**v2.2.0** 🔨 (Q2 2026)
- Funder custom profiles
- Portfolio tracking dashboard
- Success metrics analytics

**v3.0.0** 🔨 (Q3 2026+)
- Mobile app (iOS/Android)
- Advanced analytics & ML
- Global expansion (200+ countries)

---

## 🤝 CONTRIBUTING

We welcome all contributions! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

```
1. Fork the repository
2. Create feature branch (git checkout -b feature/your-feature)
3. Make changes & test locally
4. Commit with clear messages
5. Push to fork & create Pull Request
```

---

## 🐛 FOUND A BUG?

**Security Vulnerability?**
- Email: chiranjib@opengrant.dev
- Don't create public issues

**Regular Bug?**
- GitHub Issues → Create new issue
- Include reproduction steps

**Feature Request?**
- GitHub Discussions or Issues
- Describe use case & benefits

---

## 📄 LICENSE

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

```
MIT License © 2026 Chiranjib

You are free to:
  ✅ Use commercially or privately
  ✅ Modify & redistribute
  ✅ Include in proprietary software

You must:
  ✓ Include license & copyright notice
  ✓ State significant changes made
```

---

## 🙏 ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

```
Built with ❤️ by: Chiranjib
Powered by: Groq API, FastAPI, React
Thanks to: GitHub, Open Source Community
```

---

## 🚀 LAUNCH NOW!

```
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

  OPENGRANT v2.0.0-beta is production-ready.

  Making open source funding accessible to every developer
  in the world.

  GitHub: https://github.com/opengrant-dev/opengrant.dev
  Dashboard: https://opengrant.dev (Coming soon)
  Extension: Chrome Web Store (Coming soon)

  Built by Chiranjib
  Engineering Excellence 2026

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
```

---

**OPENGRANT v2.0.0-beta**
Built by **Chiranjib**
🟢 Production Ready | A- Security Grade | 52K+ LOC

Made with 🤖 and ❤️ by Chiranjib
